Using Evaluation corpus.
Loading training sentences from: train_sentences.pickle
Loading evaluation sentences from: eval_sentences.pickle
Ok.
Training classifier...
Using word lemmas as features for the Bag of Words.
Words excluded from dictionary:
['the', ',', '.', 'be', 'of', 'and', 'in', 'to', 'a', ';']
Size of dictionary: 490
Size of training set: 11111
Ok.
Evaluating classifier...
FP:S22.5: The current 3 Series range included just a four-door saloon, and the remainder of the old 3 Series range would remain on sale until the forthcoming new coupé, cabriolet and estate replacements were launched.
FP:S29.6: The most common format (in the English language) in referring to the individual years is to read out the full name; i.e. 2008 as &quot;two thousand (and) eight&quot;.
FP:S40.4: However, feeling resentment from the 20-year-old home video deal and unwilling to make similar concessions in a so-called &quot;new market&quot; yet again, WGA members have been adamant that whatever deal they make for new media, it cannot resemble the DVD formula.
FP:S54.4: This periodicity could be explained by assuming that a second planet, designated 47 Ursae Majoris c, existed in the system with an orbital period close to 7 years.
FP:S62.2: The film was banned from screening at the 2008 Singapore International Film Festival &quot;in view of the sensitive nature of the subject that features Muslim homosexuals in various countries and their struggle to reconcile religion and their lifestyle,&quot; Amy Chua, Singapore Board of Film Censors chairwoman was quoted as saying by 'The Straits Times'.
FP:S63.3: Although unfamiliar with her role as Shelly Unwin in 'Coronation Street', Park said &quot;Sally has a lot of fun in her voice, flamboyant almost, and I was also looking for someone who could be quite charming too, but with a slightly posh northern accent.
FP:S70.2: Clinical use of this term was widely discontinued by the year 2000 in the United States after having been replaced by modern laboratory criteria.
FP:S75.8: However it was used in and insipired more famous hardware, shown below.
FP:S97.2: On Thursday, January 22nd, 2009, The Acoustic Lounge was officially named as one of Podbean's Top 5 most popular Music Podcasts for 2008 during the site's first annual awards.
FP:S98.2: This has been used mostly with the Nintendo DS game, Animal Crossing: Wild World, which, when backed up to a PC, allows you to edit the game using a program called AnimalMap Editor.
FP:S102.6: He later claimed that he ended his career as a boy soprano at age 13, by faking that his voice was changing; he turned to music composition soon afterward.
FP:S107.3: According to this conspiracy theory, Reagan promised to sell American weapons to Iran, to replace the old Portuguese ones; the Portuguese military were acting as middlemen (two of the Portuguese Presidential candidates, in 1980, were Generals, and one of them was promptly accused as responsible for the assassination by many Sá Carneiro supporters); a boat with the weapons was almost seized at Lisbon's harbor.
FP:S126.8: He proposed that the Spartan territory should be divided into two portions, one to consist of 4500 equal lots, to be divided amongst the Spartans, whose ranks were to be filled up by the admission of the most respectable of the Perioeci and strangers; the other to contain 15,000 equal lots, to be divided amongst the remaining Perioeci.
FP:S129.2: In mid-November 2000, the 9/11 Commission believes that al-Nami, Wail and Waleed al-Shehri, all of whom had obtained their U.S. visas in late October, traveled in a group from Saudi Arabia to Beirut and then onward to Iran where they could travel through to Afghanistan without getting their passports stamped.
FP:S130.5: First of all, it is a great psychological analysis of a man who suffers from being unable to adapt himself to his time, in other words to modern times.
FP:S135.7: Church groups tried to provide some comfort for the poor folk in the area and set up educational and work experience projects to help and by 1936 the Airdrie Churches Council had attracted national interest through their work culminating in a building in Graham Street being provided for them (the Mutual Service Club).
FP:S152.6: An appellate court might review a trial court’s decision, but it typically does not make evidentiary decisions in the first place, nor would it give a charge (or instruction) to a jury.
FP:S154.4: Persons under 21 are prohibited from purchasing or possessing alcohol, from consuming alcohol in public but may in the privacy of their own homes with consent of a legal guardian, or from having a blood alcohol level of more than 0.02% while driving.
FP:S155.3: He was opposed to the conflict because it was not authorised by a United Nations Security Council resolution, which was a controversial subject at the time.
FP:S164.3: Irrespective of this, the ultimate hope of liberty, whether heavenly or earthly, is seen by the writer as something that cannot be taken from people, no matter how poor or oppressed they are.
FP:S165.2: Except for some brief instances in the first season, there was no background or transitional music.
FP:S173.2: Originally developed in French as 'altermondialisme', it has been borrowed into English in the form of 'altermondialism' or 'altermondialization'.
FP:S177.3: To prevent the Brothers from destroying each other, characters from each universe battled to determine which universe would survive; several of the matches were determined by fan votes.
FP:S179.2: Mustafa Kemal Pasha, Rauf Orbay and Bekir Sami Bey on the one side, in their title of Delegation of Representatives ('Heyeti Temsiliye') as attributed by the Sivas Congress, and the Ottoman Minister of Marine ('later grand vizier himself') Hulusi Salih Pasha, who had come to Amasya to represent the short-lived Ottoman government of Ali Riza Pasha on the other side signed the protocol just after Sivas Congress in the same city of Amasya Circular.
FP:S192.3: Amphetamine increases energy levels, concentration, and motivation, allowing students to study for an extended period of time, much longer than one would be capable of doing so on their own.
FP:S203.3: Mutualism, initially developed in the 19th century, has reemerged, incorporating modern economic ideas such as marginal utility theory.
FP:S203.4: Kevin A. Carson's book ['Studies in Mutualist Political Economy'] was influential in this regard, updating the labor theory of value with Austrian economics.
FP:S212.2: Mattison later began studying the use of party drugs by gay men, a controversial subject, which eventually led to a more thorough investigation of drug use in general.
FP:S220.3: While anecdotal evidence is typically disparaged as unscientific among social sciences, in the last several decades the evaluation of anecdotes has received sustained academic scrutiny from economists and scholars such as S.G. Checkland (on David Ricardo), Steven Novella, Hollis Robbins, R. Charleton, Kwamena Kwansah-Aidoo, and others; these academics seek to quantify the value inherent in the deployment of anecdotes.
FP:S220.5: As an example, consider Joseph Stalin's apocryphal quote: &quot;The death of one man is a tragedy, the death of millions is a statistic.&quot; commonly attributed by English-language dictionaries to Josef Stalin.
FP:S234.2: In the Catholic Church, 'annulment' is a canonical procedure according to the Canon Law whereby an ecclesial tribunal judges whether the bond of matrimony in a particular case was entered into invalidly--that is, that the a true marriage according to God never took place.
FP:S234.5: The Church reconciles these two seemingly opposing ideas by understanding that a &quot;Declaration of Nullity&quot; is not a dissolution of an existing marriage, but rather a determination that a marriage never existed.
FP:S235.5: The second is that perceptions of good and evil change (See moral panic): If anonymous peer-to-peer networks had been around in the 1950s or 1960s, they might have been targeted for carrying information about civil rights or anarchism.
FP:S249.3: ~ In response, the 'Orthodox Church in the Philippines' was registered by Father Deacon Chris Gain with the Philippine Securities and Exchange Commission in December of 2006, and a study center has been established at Saint Andrew's Episcopal Seminary in Quezon City, the purpose of which is to gather those interested in Orthodoxy and forming small parish communities within the settlement areas of the country and stimulate interest in Orthodox theology and history within the local population.
FP:S252.2: Other people born within the non peninsular territories of Imperial Spain, settled there also to impose the new order established, such as the Flemish born military engineer Prospero Jorge de Verboom and French born military engineer Antoine Le Prestre, Count of Vauban, (1659 - 1731), cadet brother of the famous French military engineer Sébastien Le Prestre, Marquis of Vauban , (1633 - 1707), out of favour earlier by his published, unauthorized, political economy ideas with King Louis XIV of France, (September 1638 - September 1715).
FP:S278.15: He has talked about some of those who have helped over the years in business: &quot;I couldn't have learned about business without a parade of teachers guiding me... from Milton Friedman to Donald Trump... and now, Les Wexner and Warren Buffett.
FP:S284.2: This match was the first of many over the next six years in which the two brothers played alongside each other as the two full backs.
FP:S297.2: Astro City is made up of numerous neighborhoods, which include the rebuilt Center City, centered around Binderbeck Plaza; Old Town; Chesler (also known as &quot;The Sweatshop&quot;); Shadow Hill; Bakerville; Derbyfield; Museum Row/Centennial Park; Iger Square; Kiefer Square; Kanewood; South Kanewood; Fass Gardens; Gibson Hills; and Patterson Heights.
FP:S315.7: In case, any person has specific knowledge of a process or a product, that can be allowed to be patented but that should not give a license for that person to practice Ayurvedic system of medicine without legally recognized qualification.
FP:S319.2: After his death in 1962, his widow donated many of his works to Poole Museum, which now boasts the world's largest collection of Gribble paintings.
FP:S321.2: The company that published 'BLK' also published several other titles directed to the black LGBT community including 'Blackfire', an erotic magazine for men; 'Black Lace', an erotic magazine for women; 'Kuumba', a co-sexual poetry journal; 'Black Dates', a calendar of events for Southern California and 'The BLK Guide to Southern California for Black People in the Life'.
FP:S325.5: Doug Owram argues that the Canadian boom took place from 1946 to 1962, but that culturally boomers (everywhere) were born between the late war years and about 1955 or 1956.
FP:S329.4: Costa Ricans, Panamanians, and Colombians call it 'macho de monte', and in Belize, where the Baird’s Tapir is the national animal, it is known as the mountain cow.
FP:S332.3: Shortly before his death, he ordered an official public crown-wearing for his nephew at the Church of the Holy Sepulchre (since the little boy had already been crowned).
FP:S345.3: They assert that the term &quot;separation of church and state&quot; in no way limits religion in the state, but merely refers to the state's responsibility to refrain from exerting authority over ecclesial bodies.
FP:S345.6: Also, Francis A. Schaeffer calls for Christians to &quot;let go of fear and a false concept of spirituality to stand against the tyranny and moral chaos that has resulted from the cultural shift away from Judeo-Christian thought to secular humanism.&quot;
FP:S353.2: It has a 1300 meters long airstrip ('Teniente Rodolfo Marsh Martin Aerodrome', ICAO Code SCRM ), with 50 intercontinental and 150 intracontinental flights each season, serving as a means of transport to many bases around.
FP:S356.4: The recipient of a country education, and self-taught in astronomy and in several European languages, although he possessed a broad East Anglian accent, his powers of observation and deduction, and his good sense and wise conduct, generally earned him the respect of discerning authorities.
FP:S381.4: It is only in the face of an economic crisis and a stroke that Fatty Zhen had, did the arrogant Fatty Zhen and Ke Ke realise and learn about humility and the importance of maintaining good human relationships.
FP:S384.2: However, once the presentation is over, Jesse's editor tells him he's got a plane to catch that very day, and so just like in 'Before Sunrise', Celine and Jesse's reunion is constrained by time.
FP:S384.3: Just like in the prequel, the characters are thus forced to make the best of what little time they have together, and this makes it easier for their conversations to become ever more personal, starting out with the usual thirty-something's themes of work and politics and then, with ever increasing passion, approaching their love for each other, just as their time together is running out.
FP:S402.2: Even now, some years after reunification, there is still talk in Germany of cultural differences between East and West Germans (colloquially 'Ossis' and 'Wessis'), sometimes described as &quot;Mauer im Kopf&quot; (&quot;The wall in the head&quot;).
FP:S407.2: Between 1993 and 2004, the award voting panel comprised variously fans; sportswriters and broadcasters, sports executives, and retired sportspersons, termed collectively 'experts'; and retired sportspersons, but balloting thereafter has been exclusively by fans over the Internet from amongst choices selected by the ESPN Select Nominating Committee.
FP:S408.4: The reference would seem to be to Bethels in the plural, that is to many stones like the stone in the Israelite city of Bethel which served a housing for God in Israelite belief.
FP:S410.5: In his essay on Dr Johnson, Thomas Babington Macaulay portrays her as the archetypal courtesan, characterising the life of those of &quot;literary character&quot; as precarious, fortunate to be &quot;sometimes drinking champagne and tokay with Betty Careless&quot;.
FP:S418.2: Within Post-Modern Art: when something obscure and abstract references a piece of popular art within a larger project, such as the references to Plastic Man in 'Gravity's Rainbow', this also corresponds with Bienert's Law.
FP:S439.2: Originally bit-tech.net was designed to be a small site where people who were interested in case modding could see new ideas from the team and discuss them in the forums, due to the relatively small presence of modding at the time.
FP:S471.4: It was during one of these trips that he was awarded a medal by the Bulgarian government, for the work he had done.
FP:S490.3: In addition, various parts of the estate have been made available for private purchase by people wishing to build homes in the vineyard.
FP:S492.9: (Interestingly, they were among the very few performers who were allowed to make changes to current popular tunes.
FP:S493.2: The old main railway to far northern Sweden (Bräcke–Boden, &quot;Stambanan genom övre Norrland&quot;) was built during the period of 1880–1895, about 30–100 km from the coast to protect it from military attacks (military airplanes didn't exist then).
FP:S498.4: The price of the greater torque is lower rotational speed; it is easy for a hand drill to achieve a rotational speed of several hundred revolutions per minute, but it requires considerable effort to achieve even 100 rpm with a brace.
FP:S500.2: It was the first of its kind to make it possible for students to gain their HSC as well as a TAFE Certificate and at the same time be introduced to the work force through Work Studies and Industry Training.
FP:S507.2: In the &quot;stone chambers&quot; of the Rolsbach valley, some gravesites from Hallstatt times (about 550 BC) were unearthed in 1884.
FP:S527.3: Notably, Douglas Hurd has since criticised the Act's aftereffects, describing it as &quot;one of the less successful reforms of those years&quot;.
FP:S527.4: These Tories would have described their position as paternalistic as a term of praise, while supporters of the Act would use it against them as a term of abuse.
FP:S527.5: Since Tony Blair became leader, the Labour Party's broadcasting policy has generally shifted much more towards that expounded in the Act.
FP:S529.2: Pinchot has appeared in several feature films, including 'Risky Business', 'Beverly Hills Cop' (and reprising his popular supporting role in 'Beverly Hills Cop III)', 'True Romance', 'Courage Under Fire' and 'It's My Party'.
FP:S545.4: The Maine Historical Society selected this acclaimed biography as one of the one hundred most &quot;notable&quot; books written in or about Maine (2000).
FP:S547.3: It was originally named the Lower Bridge, as there were two others (Upper Bridge and Middle Bridge) upstream that also allowed movement of freight, animals, and people across the creek.
FP:S550.4: The term is used to distinguish between the objects a developer is creating or using related to the domain and all the other types of object he or she may be working with such as user interface widgets and database objects such as tables or rows.
FP:S552.3: Its name originates from the fact that they were located at the market place, where people from neighbouring villages would gather to buy butter and eggs.
FP:S552.4: Their design varies from place to place, but they are usually covered by some type of roof to offer shelter.
FP:S557.2: Montreal's anchor, Dennis Trudeau retired shortly before the launch of 'CBC News at Six', having hosted the local bulletins for many years.
FP:S561.3: The new Management Guidelines are composed of Maturity Models, to help determine the stages and expectation levels of control and compare them against industry norms; Critical Success Factors, to identify the most important actions for achieving control over the IT processes; Key Goal Indicators, to define target levels of performance; and Key Performance Indicators, to measure whether an IT control process is meeting its objective.
FP:S568.4: Caiques ordinarily respond well to homes in which some time is devoted to playing with them each day, and like all pet birds, they need to be kept in a bird-safe environment.
FP:S570.2: The early history of the parish dates back to the time of the Spanish occupation of Louisiana, when, in 1797, Jose M. Mora was granted a large tract of land between the Rio Hondo (now Calcasieu) and the Sabine River, known for years as the &quot;Neutral Strip&quot;.
FP:S571.2: As this freeway/expressway serves as an important diagonally aligned (northwest-southeast) commuter traffic corridor between the cities in the Pomona Valley (eastern Los Angeles County) and the cities of western Riverside County, it is heavily travelled and is used as an alternative to the Orange Freeway, State Route 57 (SR 57) located to the west and the Ontario Freeway, Interstate 15 (I-15) located to the east.
FP:S582.4: This led to the development, in 1901 of a Tram service to bring people out for the day and with it the development of the tidal pools, the Rotunda (now the Bay Hotel) and a pavilion for concerts and shows.
FP:S585.2: Each year the council receives some 16,000 grant requests, which are reviewed by panels of artists set up by each division of the council.
FP:S585.3: In 2006-07, the Council awarded some 6,000 grants to artists and arts organizations and made payments to more than 15,400 authors through the Public Lending Right Commission.
FP:S603.2: Carbofuran has one of the highest acute toxicities to humans of any insecticide widely used on field crops (only aldicarb and parathion are more toxic).
FP:S603.4: Most carbofuran is applied by commercial applicators using closed systems with engineered controls so there is no exposure to it in preparation.
FP:S607.3: The mascot had been the Trojans for some time until the early 1990s when the switch was made.
FP:S614.2: All is revealed when Granny (who has helped Mightily Oats to Überwald by a process of being carried by him) tells them that - far from turning her into a Vampire, they have, instead, been 'Weatherwaxed', caused by the sharing of their blood with her.
FP:S614.4: They are even more horrified when they find out that Igor has re-awakened the old Count Magpyre (having gone into his crypt and spilled a drop of blood on the old Count's ashes) and that the people of Überwald would prefer the old Count to their new, modern type of vampirism.
FP:S637.3: The most popular couple who were not eliminated would have won the 'Best in Series'.
FP:S653.3: These juries were to consist of the same type of person and be due the same rights as any jury in a common or criminal law case, and the judge was allowed to impose on them any rules permissible in a common or criminal trial.
FP:S664.2: Owens was allowed to use a cart while competing in most instances due to his disability, and once staged a protest at the 1987 U.S. Senior Open against the USGA for its ban on carts at that event.
FP:S666.2: Montholon had to spend' many years in Belgium; and in 1840 acted as &quot;chief of staff&quot; in the absurd &quot;expedition&quot; conducted by Louis Napoleon from London to Boulogne.
FP:S682.3: Whereas the Offtime still utilized a little of the principles of the Jitterbug, but in a &quot;smoothed-out&quot; fashion, the Walk further smoothed it out to the point where this dancee only vaguely resembled the dances that came before it.
FP:S686.5: Unfortunately, this apparently misses his heart, and the struggle continues before Tyler hands Andy his pocket knife: Andy cuts Chucky's other hand off and causes him to get flipped off the pile of skulls and into a giant fan, which dices him into numerous pieces, killing him.
FP:S701.2: It was created on February, 8, 1997 in Kyiv, Ukraine, after the name Christian People's Union, to promote the ideas of European Christian democracy in Ukraine.
FP:S702.2: Together with his author colleague Simon Pasternak Christian Dorph is writing a series of crime novels that all take place in the last fourth of the twentieth century and in which historical events and people play a crucial role.
FP:S706.2: Billy was injured in early October 2002, and Chuck became a generic face, working 'SmackDown!'s B-show 'Velocity' for a few months using his original ring name Chuck Palumbo once again.
FP:S712.2: Between Morón and the north coast are several lakes, including the Laguna de Leche (the 'Lagoon of Milk', so called for its white appearance because of large lime deposits underwater) which is the largest natural lake in Cuba.
FP:S713.4: One major reason to use inlets is that all the inlets of a procedure are guaranteed to operate atomically with regards to each other and to the parent procedure, thus avoiding the bugs that could occur if the multiple returning procedures tried to update the same variables in the parent frame at the same time.
FP:S721.2: In addition to these divisions, Macy's Inc under its former corporate name Federated Department Stores, finalized an arrangement with Citigroup to sell its consumer credit portfolio, reissuing its cards under the Federated-Citigroup Alliance name Department Stores National Bank (DSNB) and allowing Federated to continue servicing the credit accounts from its Financial, Administrative and Credit Services Group (FACS Group Inc.).
FP:S728.3: For example, if we consider something very large relative to an electron, like a baseball, the uncertainty principle predicts that it cannot have zero kinetic energy, but the uncertainty in kinetic energy is so small that the baseball can appear to be at rest, and hence appears to obey classical mechanics.
FP:S731.12: It has operated continuously still using the same brick oven that has not cooled since 1906.
FP:S731.13: They also use many turn of the century recipes to produce unusually delicious baked goods.
FP:S731.19: [MaMa Vallone's]- Located at 302 West First Street, it has been open since 1986, initially owned/operated by Master Chef Joe Vallone, who is responsible for many of the recipes.
FP:S737.2: The idea of building a bridge across the Avon Gorge originated in 1753, with a bequest in the will of Bristolian merchant William Vick, who left ₤1,000 invested with instructions that when the interest had accumulated to ₤10,000, it should be used for the purpose of building a stone bridge between Clifton Down (which was in Gloucestershire, outside the City of Bristol, until the 1830s) and Leigh Woods (then in Somerset).
FP:S738.4: Northern Ireland has a latitude between 54°N and 56°N and winters are much milder and wetter than many other cities on this latitude, such as Moscow, Omsk or Novosibirsk.
FP:S739.4: Due to its size it is sometimes called a mountain range or complex.
FP:S743.3: The Central Otago Gold Rush began in 1861, and it was this influx of people that led to the establishment of many of the river towns that still exist today, such as Alexandra, Clyde, and Cromwell.
FP:S747.2: With the road construction of Interstate 75 in Georgia nearly parallel to Cobb Parkway, the road became less of a traditional U.S. highway and more of a local route, though it still has just as much traffic at rush hour as I-75.
FP:S752.3: Around this time, Cold recorded the soundtrack for the video game 'Psi-Ops: The Mindgate Conspiracy' featuring the songs &quot;With My Mind&quot;, &quot;Came All the Way&quot;, &quot;Just Got Wicked (Chris Vrenna Remix)&quot;, and &quot;Go Away (Chris Vrenna Eye Socket Remix)&quot; and embarked on a short tour with Sevendust in support of &quot;With My Mind&quot;, the single released from the CD.
FP:S755.3: She originally said that she would work with Farrell to ensure that it remained private, but Farrell said that Narain, along with Schmidt, was trying to release it in order to damage his career and &quot;make money out of it&quot;, which Nicole denies.
FP:S780.6: Concepción was the home of the Real Audiencia from 1565 to 1575, the most important government organization during Spanish colonial times.
FP:S811.9: Due to legal reforms by Justinian himself, this work later needed to be updated, so a second edition of the Codex (the so-called &quot;Codex repetitae praelectionis&quot;) was issued in 534, after the Digest.
FP:S817.2: The area is bound to the north by the Lakewood neighborhood, and is separated from that area by the raised right-of-way of the Norfolk Southern Railway; to the east by the Metairie Cemetery and the golf course of the New Orleans Country Club; and, to the south and West, by the 17th Street Canal, one of the main arteries draining rain water out of the city and north to Lake Pontchartrain.
FP:S823.9: The album led to Cradle's U.S debut, and Dani claimed it in 2003 as the Cradle album of which he was most proud, although he conceded dissatisfaction with its sound quality.'
FP:S826.3: There are only about 100 units of housing in Crawford Square, but it is inhabited by people of white, black, and asian racial background.
FP:S838.4: The pamphlet the image appeared in states that the farmer, disgusted at the wage his mower was demanding for his work, insisted that he would rather have &quot;the devil himself&quot; perform the task.
FP:S847.2: Cubley has no schools, with most children going to St John the Baptist Infant and Junior Schools in Penistone and then on to Penistone Grammar School.
FP:S852.2: In 'The Court-Martial of George Armstrong Custer' a Novel by Douglas C. Jones is set in an alternate history that takes as its point of departure that George Armstrong Custer did not die at the Battle of Little Bighorn.
FP:S852.6: The short story 'Custer's Last Jump' by Howard Waldrop and Steven Utley is set in an alternate history that takes as its point of departure the use of aircraft in the American Civil War.
FP:S852.10: In the collection of short alternate history stories 'Drakas!', Custer, the famed Yankee general known for &quot;Custer's Last Stand&quot; became persona non grata after refusing to lead troops against apparently overwhelming Indian forces.
FP:S855.2: American anthropologist Leslie White used the term &quot;culturology&quot; for his scientific studies of culture, which he defined as &quot;the field of science which studies and interprets the distinct order of phenomena termed culture and presented in a series of essays &quot;The Science of Culture&quot;.
FP:S859.3: This connection is emphasized by references to related characters appearing in some characters dialogue - crewmembers swear &quot;'by Korvac's mother'&quot; and also &quot;'thank Korvac'&quot; for a lucky escape.
FP:S860.6: It has issued contracts for high-leveled research in electronic security to nations such as Greece and Israel, to help protect against more serious and dangerous attacks.
FP:S906.2: In the early days the group was a loose collective of as many as 7 performers but by the fall of 2005 had settled on a 5 member lineup of Hartley, guitarists Mike O'Connor and Daniel Jacobs, drummer Chris DiBiasio, and bassist Leslie Deane.
FP:S909.2: Over the years the DPI moniker has been used by members of The Grey Wolves, Wertham, Genocide Organ and Vidna Obmana, among others.
FP:S915.3: It was painted in 1514 as part of Raphael's commission to decorate with frescoes the rooms that are now known as the 'Stanze di Raffaello', in the Apostolic Palace in the Vatican.
FP:S953.3: His stated reason is that this is &quot;not the future we were promised... if we can't have that, then we shouldn't have anything at all&quot;.
FP:S953.4: It is revealed he is deliberately instigating violence by the grinder counter-culture and is providing them with the means to do so, as well as releasing a bioweapon - &quot;St Theresa's Eyes&quot; - that causes people to hallucinate angels.
FP:S961.3: He is both the youngest (43 years old) and the oldest (74 years old) person to have held the position, as well as the only person to have held the position for two non-consecutive terms, and the second longest serving, behind Robert McNamara.
FP:S964.5: However, since becoming Oblivion's servant, his Doorman &quot;body&quot; seems to be an assumed shape rather than a simple costume, and he can transform at will from this form to his non-costumed self.
FP:S965.4: Eventually, she would &quot;cause the clerk to forget&quot; just how many items were outside the case, and at some point she would leave with one or two pieces.
FP:S973.5: Eisenhower told a reporter, &quot;Any American who would have that many other Americans pay him that compliment would be proud or he would not be an American&quot;, and announced his candidacy the next day.
FP:S976.2: The play Frost/Nixon (and its film adaptation) includes a scene in which former President Richard Nixon apparently drunk-dials his interviewer David Frost several days before their final interview.
FP:S977.2: Because the 0.9 mm thickness of the DualDisc CD layer does not conform to Red Book CD Specifications, which call for a layer no less than 1.1 mm thick, some CD players may not be able to play the CD side of a DualDisc due to a phenomenon called spherical aberration.
FP:S982.3: The Principality of the Dulaim tribe (Amirate Al-Dulaim) was almost a state of self-rule, the Dulaim tribe flourished in the eighteenth century, and continued their emigration and settlement on agricultural and pastoral areas on the banks of the Tigris and Euphrates, and controlled on the areas and subject the other tribes in the region.
FP:S985.6: The offer amounted to approximately $15,000 per orphan, however it was limited to each of the surviving 1,100 orphans the government had labeled as mentally deficient, but did not include any compensation for victims of sexual or other abuse.
FP:S985.9: The results of the vote were later bitterly contested by a group which believed the victims should have received more.
FP:S986.2: As light travels through a medium other than vacuum, interaction with this medium causes its amplitude and phase to change in a way which depends on properties of the medium.
FP:S987.2: The turn of the 20th century was a period of great cultural and political transformation within Bosnia &amp; Hercegovina, and it was also a time when Džemaludin Čaušević emerged as an individual who was well-versed and capable in both traditional Islamic theology as well as modern science and thought.
FP:S988.3: eBay discourages sellers from using independent money-wiring companies such as Western Union and MoneyGram (Moneybookers is now allowed instead), stating that it prohibits or discourages certain forms of payment in order to reduce fraud.
FP:S989.3: It used as many commercially available parts as possible.
FP:S998.2: Major factors that have affected recent economic activity within the city have been the 2002 Winter Olympics, poverty, and urban sprawl.
FP:S998.3: The 2002 Winter Olympics facilitated a need for many hotels and restaurants that have now led to market saturation.
FP:S1011.7: If you do away with the sacrosanctity of the law then crime will disappear, because in reality a crime is nothing more than an act desecrating that which was hallowed by the state.
FP:S1011.8: There are, according to Stirner, no rights, because might makes right and an individual is entitled to everything he has the power to possess and hold.
FP:S1011.12: Stirner does not believe that a person is good or bad, nor does he believe in what is true, good, right, and so on.
FP:S1012.4: Her historic poems range from King Priam, who in rhyming couplets begs his son's body from Achilles, and King John being forced by the relentless barons to sign the Magna Carta, to Joseph the carpenter wondering over the future of the little Christ Child that he can hold in the span of his two hands.
FP:S1013.5: The precise control afforded by the studio allowed for what Eimert considered to be an electronic extension and perfection of serialism; in the studio, serial operations could be applied to elements such as timbre and dynamics.
FP:S1025.4: The etic approach requires that the marketing strategy be so basic that it does not matter in which part of the world it is implemented.
FP:S1025.5: Keeping a marketing strategy basic but still appealing is difficult, but when it is done well it can save the company millions in costs, giving it a competitive edge and, of course, larger profits.
FP:S1037.2: Characteristics of intonation English is a strongly stressed language, in that certain syllables, both within words and within phrases, get a relative prominence/loudness during pronunciation while the others do not.
FP:S1040.6: A recent approach involves creating charitable organizations (or portions of existing charities) which are designed to be self-supporting in addition to doing their good works.
FP:S1044.3: It is a letter written to a Muslim cleric, a violent opponent of the Bahá'ís who, along with his father (called by Bahá'u'lláh &quot;the wolf&quot;), also a Muslim cleric, had put to death a number of Bahá'ís.
FP:S1050.3: Voegelin's definition of Eschaton would be more toward the idea that Gnostics are really rejecting &quot;Christianity's&quot; eschaton of Heaven and Hell and replacing it with a human form of salvation through revelation by mystical ritual or practice.
FP:S1050.8: Also Voegelin attempted to clarify that gnostics had a constructive intention in their motive rather then the more destructive motive that could be derived from believing that the material world was evil and that it should be destroyed rather then repaired or improved.
FP:S1052.3: In its best years, it employed as many as forty people, among them, as a trainee, Julius Posener, later a famous architectural historian.
FP:S1055.3: It has not been grazed for many years and secondary woodland has grown over much of the area.
FP:S1065.3: After he entered his own house as a guest of Penelope disguised as a beggar, Eurycleia bathed him and recognized him by a scar just above his knee, which he had received from a boar while hunting with his grandfather Autolycus.
FP:S1072.4: Nunavat is a full part of Canada, which is an active member of the Commonwealth, making its position as the northern-most point uncontroversial.
FP:S1084.8: It would have been legally impossible for Courts in other States to reach the same result as the two Courts in Ohio did.
FP:S1084.13: As a result of this scare tactic several Attorneys General of other states issued legal opinions finding that no such conflict would exist.
FP:S1084.15: Thus the contention that any marriage amendment would conflict with DV Statutes has been proven to be a farce.
FP:S1088.3: Fields of academic study have been created that are derivative or dependent on the existence of film, such as film criticism, film history, divisions of film propaganda in authoritarian governments, or psychological on subliminal effects of a flashing soda can during a screening.
FP:S1100.2: In 'Inventing the Flat Earth: Columbus and Modern Historians', Jeffrey Russell (professor of history at University of California, Santa Barbara) claims that the Flat Earth theory is a fable used to impugn pre-modern civilization, especially that of the Middle Ages in Europe.
FP:S1101.3: The website also provides a news service that covers both commercial releases and important announcements from developers and virtual airlines within the community.
FP:S1116.4: Although the main plot does follow a (remarkably well thought out) Plan, the book focuses on the development of the characters, and their slow transition from skeptical editors, mocking the Manutius manuscripts to credulous Diabolicals themselves.
FP:S1117.4: The rationale being that if the police know evidence obtained in violation of the Fourth Amendment cannot be used to convict someone of a crime, they will not violate it.
FP:S1118.4: While living in Rome, she worked closely with Giacinto Scelsi, not only as dedicatee of all the cello works, but also transcribing from his archive and improvising together- from 1975 until his death in 1988.
FP:S1121.3: Gehry's work has its detractors as the architecture values and its accompanying aspects within modern architecture vary, both between different schools of thought and among practising architects.
FP:S1122.3: The character always appears wearing a trucker hat with a humorous phrase written on it, which is Friedlander's routine trademark in real life, and large thick-lensed glasses.
FP:S1126.3: The first is the individual who has the equipment to chop up old bicycle frames and weld them back together in an unlimited variety of configurations that reflect their personal style.
FP:S1126.6: The last type of rider will employ the services of a select group of Custom Chopper Bicycle Designers who have frames and parts that are not available in most bike shops.
FP:S1140.2: It was during this time that 'The Fulcrum' moved to offices located between University of Ottawa's Thompson Residence and Morriset Library (later occupied by CHUO-FM, and now known as the Déja Vu lounge).
FP:S1151.3: In a playful reference to the Broadway hit 'The Unsinkable Molly Brown', Grissom nicknamed the Gemini 3 spacecraft 'Molly Brown' hoping that it would not duplicate his experience with 'Liberty Bell 7'.
FP:S1159.4: Like most areas along the Mediterranean Sea, precipitation occurs principally during the cold part of the year, but in the higher mountains a secondary summer maximum is present.
FP:S1169.6: It was in this period that he produced 'The Stage Coach' and 'The Twin Rivals'.
FP:S1170.4: Recognizing the need to fulfill the role as a General, Davis still tried to &quot;bring a few levels to him that show some understanding and that make him a little more likeable.&quot;
FP:S1170.6: Besides knowing that people may not return from his sanctioned missions, General Hammond has to decide when to forgo rescue attempts to not put more lives in danger, even if he &quot;always does so reluctantly and with regret&quot;.
FP:S1170.7: As shown in &quot;Chain Reaction&quot;, Hammond would rather leave the military quietly than risk the careers and lives of his staff and his family, &quot;which must go against all his blustery Texas background&quot;.
FP:S1178.3: These usually show some differences from what is expected from the model.
FP:S1212.3: It is used to express the steepness of slope on a hill, stream, roof, railroad, or road, where zero indicates 'level' (with respect to gravity) and increasing numbers correlate to more vertical inclinations.
FP:S1212.4: There are three common numbering systems: the angle from horizontal in degrees, as a percentage: the tangent of the angle of inclination: the ratio of the altitude change to the horizontal distance (this is the more common percentage type), or an alternative definition as a percentage: the sine of the angle: the ratio of the altitude change to the surface length between any two points on the grade—also known as 'rise' to 'run' (not to be confused with the &quot;rise over run&quot; taught in grade-school geometry).
FP:S1216.3: 'San Andreas' met most of these expectations, as it was praised as one of the PlayStation 2's best games, with an average review score on 95%, according to Metacritic, at Metacritic tying for the fifth highest ranked game in PlayStation 2 history.
FP:S1216.8: Most criticisms of the game stemmed from graphical mishaps, poor character models, and low-resolution textures, as well as various control issues, particularly with auto-aiming at enemies.
FP:S1230.4: Its introduction into France was forbidden in 1779; the book was burned by the public executioner, and an order was given for the arrest of the author, whose name had not appeared in the first edition, but was printed on the title page of the Geneva edition of 1780.
FP:S1232.4: However, it is beyond doubt that the Björketorp runestone is connected to them, because in addition to the special runic forms, the same message is given on the Stentoften Runestone.
FP:S1233.2: On July 22, 1948 Hall and 11 other Communist Party leaders were indicted under the Smith Act on charges of &quot;conspiracy to teach and advocate the overthrow of the U.S. government by force and violence,&quot; although his conviction was based on Hall's advocacy of Marxist thought.
FP:S1283.4: In this second stint with the Cowboys, he was used not only as a running back but as a flanker and other offensive positions as well.
FP:S1292.5: The term, &quot;Greater Rus'&quot; was used to apply to all the lands ruled by Kiev, including those that were not just Slavic, but also Finno-Ugric in the north-east portions of the state.
FP:S1295.6: Small towns like Syracuse, New York, Buffalo, New York, and Cleveland, Ohio that lied along major canal routes boomed into major industrial and trade centers, while exuberant canal-building pushed some states like Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Indiana to the brink of bankruptcy.
FP:S1303.5: It is one of the most identifiable nebulae because of the shape of its swirling cloud of dark dust and gases, which is similar to that of a horse's head.
FP:S1308.2: It was divided into several branches, the eldest of which, that of the viscounts of Rohan, became extinct in 1527.
FP:S1352.3: Over the years the spring has been used by Native Americans, the Las Vegas and Tonopah Railroad from 1906-1919, and later as an artist colony.
FP:S1355.3: In a correspondence from Saliers on their website, she wrote that they had finished &quot;all ten tracks for our new cd which will be released in February 2009&quot;.
FP:S1355.6: This record will also be their first two-CD set since 1995's live album '1200 Curfews'; the first disc has the 10 tracks accompanied by a backing band, and the second includes the same 10 songs with only Ray and Saliers on vocals and acoustic guitars and an additional track.
FP:S1356.4: They have some 100,000 or 200,000 archer warriors... The Yuezhi originally lived in the area between the Qilian or Heavenly mountains and Dunhuang, but after they were defeated by the Xiongnu they moved far away to the west, beyond Dayuan, where they attacked and conquered the people of Daxia (Bactria) and set up the court of their king on the northern bank of the Gui (Oxus) river&quot;' with customs identical to those of the Xiongnu.
FP:S1359.12: In the Intangible Economy, four factors of production - knowledge assets (what people know and put into use), collaboration assets (whom people interact with to create value), engagement assets (the level of energy and commitment of people), and time quality (how quickly value is created) are the four key resources from which economic activity and competitive advantage are primarily derived and delivered today.
FP:S1360.3: 'Information Age' is a term that has been used to refer to the present economic era.
FP:S1373.2: After writing and rehearsing for some months the band played their first live date at the Croydon Underground in December 1985, just prior to the release of their first single &quot;Rise.&quot;
FP:S1383.6: Carr raises the point that unlike speech, which is an innate ability hardwired into the human brain, the ability to read has to be taught in order for the brain to rearrange its original parts for the task of interpreting symbols into words.
FP:S1384.13: Isiah Thomas has his number 11 retired by the Detroit Pistons and is considered easily the greatest Piston of all time.
FP:S1390.3: The first historical record of Istro-Romanians in the Istrian region, however, dates back to 1329, when Serbian chronicles mention that a Vlach population was living in the area, although there was an earlier mention from the 12th century of a leader in Istria called Radul (that could be a Romanian name).
FP:S1391.9: From an early age he was preoccupied by contemporary questions of artistic theory, which he also tried to explore as a professor; after 1920 his written output on artistic subjects increased in quantity.
FP:S1396.4: His brother Tom became his consigliere, he also had several relatives working in the crime family, but aside from his brother, his nephew Louis Tom Dragna (Tom's son) was the only other person heavily involved in the family.
FP:S1399.2: In the early 1990s, the airport's name was changed to &quot;Jackson International Airport,&quot; to reflect the fact that it has the facilities to serve international flights, even though the airport does not currently do so.
FP:S1402.3: The expansion included, the addition of The College of Integrated Science and Technology (CISAT), the University Recreation Center (UREC), the Festival Conference and Student Center, the Leeolou Alumni Center, several residence halls, the Chemistry and Physics Building, which houses the chemistry department as well as the department of Physics and Astronomy, and athletic fields.
FP:S1413.4: Blair wrote that the soldier &quot;will most likely limp the rest of his life and need to use a cane,&quot; which was untrue.
FP:S1426.4: He was also an author of several poetry books, a documentary, short film, and three early music videos (&quot;The Unknown Soldier&quot;, &quot;Moonlight Drive&quot;, and &quot;People are Strange&quot;).
FP:S1438.3: Pruis brought many different scholarship opportunities to Ball State such as the Whitinger Scholars Program, John R. Emens Scholars, Martin Luther King Jr. Scholarships, and Undergraduate research grants.
FP:S1464.2: This has to see with rather extinguished habits for several centuries, of proving the names &quot;by the four sides&quot;, in order to prove, neither your father neither your mother &quot;had&quot; wives either Moslem or Jewish.
FP:S1470.6: Some of them are hand-made and have been embroidered beautifully.
FP:S1470.10: It also has its slightly different variations which are known as kussa or mojri.
FP:S1471.2: Action potentials in vertebrate neurons are followed by an afterhyperpolarization (AHP) that may persist for several seconds and may have profound consequences for the firing pattern of the neuron.
FP:S1476.2: Blau is a prolific singer-songwriter who releases his music through a subscription service called the &quot;Kelp Lunacy Advanced Plagiarism Society&quot;, retitled from &quot;Kelp Monthly&quot; as new releases were not produced and sent out on time.
FP:S1480.2: Despite forecasting that the race series would provide the ACT economy with $52 million profit, after only 3 races were staged, the Auditor-General found that the series had in fact cost taxpayers $29 million.
FP:S1480.3: The Carnell Government had entered into an agreement with race organisers in which the ACT Government, and eventually ACT taxpayers, would bear all responsibility for financial risk.
FP:S1499.5: This has led the editors of Kotaku to make the commenting system available only once your comment has been reviewed, as well as ban any commenters from making negative remarks about the article.
FP:S1500.3: The Cardinals offered him a two-year contract worth around $20 million but Warner was looking for a contract that would pay him about $14 million a year and the two sides could not come to an agreement.
FP:S1503.4: Lelouch often cuts away from the main story, if only briefly, to parallel events that are not necessarily crucial to the story but illustrate what is suggested by the radio.
FP:S1504.4: However it is not until the 10th century that written references to Provençana (the city's original name) appear.
FP:S1516.3: For most seasons, two divisions were operated; however, for a short period from the late 1950s there were three divisions.
FP:S1517.3: Stan &quot;Whitey&quot; Von Neida, who set a league record with 46 points in one game and nearly 700 points scored in a 30-game season, was the main draw for many Lancaster fans.
FP:S1518.3: (This book, which detailed Lell's attendance at a Landmark Forum and gave an account of mental collapse directly afterwards, has gone out-of-print, and the publisher's web-site no longer notes Lell as one of its current authors.)
FP:S1524.3: They cover the apse, the &quot;triumphal arch&quot; (equivalent to the chancel arch), and sections, originally much larger, of the nave walls, where 27 of an original 42 panels remain from a sequence of scenes from the Old Testament.
FP:S1526.5: This fact used to cause much argument among botanists regarding the correct circumscription of the order, and the presently accepted classification is based on recent molecular and genetic analysis.
FP:S1527.4: Olivier played a wide variety of roles on stage and screen from Greek tragedy, Shakespeare and Restoration comedy to modern American and British drama.
FP:S1535.5: However, despite his distinctive playing style and mastery of lyrics, Zhakata's popularity began to wane due to the public's outrage at his continued lamenting when in fact he had become rich.
FP:S1546.3: According to Louis Fisher in The Politics of Shared Power, Ronald Reagan said to Congress in his 1986 State of the Union address, &quot;Tonight I ask you to give me what forty-three governors have: Give me a line-item veto this year.
FP:S1561.4: As part of the celebrations of the silver jubilee of George V in 1935 it was announced that the chairman would in future be entitled to use the style &quot;right honourable&quot;, an honour already enjoyed by the Lord Mayor of London.
FP:S1564.2: This northermost alignment branched from Watling Street close to the Old Kent Road in what is now the back garden of Number 77, Asylum Road, in Peckham, running parallel to the road for some distance under other back gardens.
FP:S1569.10: The human condition remained a constant theme of his art, and an ongoing interest in nature appears more frequently in his later works.
FP:S1573.4: In 1918, Lu brought I-Kuan Tao to his hometown Jining, within a few years, Lu managed to attract some 25 disciples, among them Zhang Tian Ran and Sun Su Zhen.
FP:S1594.4: It has been forbidden on the radio during a long time due to its risqué lyrics describing - with a great sense of humour and derision - a sadomasochistic episode.
FP:S1595.4: &quot;Possibly the advent of the washing machine has been as instrumental in closing these laundries as have changing attitudes,&quot; according to Frances Finnegan.
FP:S1597.4: Hambling describes the piece as a conversation with the sea: '&quot;An important part of my concept is that at the centre of the sculpture, where the sound of the waves and the winds are focused, a visitor may sit and contemplate the mysterious power of the sea,&quot;'
FP:S1597.8: Hambling did not herself make the sculpture: it was produced by a local foundry from a four-inch (102 mm) model supplied by the artist.
FP:S1599.4: It has a summary jurisdiction to deal with most criminal offences other than serious criminal matters such as murder and sexual assaults.
FP:S1625.3: In this capacity, she was responsible for Bill 167, the Rae government's controversial bill recognizing benefits to same-sex couples, which ultimately failed on a free vote when twelve NDP members voted with the opposition parties against the bill.
FP:S1628.3: Early in his career he was successful at both 100 and 200 metre distances, winning English Schools and European Junior titles at both, but in recent years he has concentrated mostly on the longer distance.
FP:S1633.2: Many independent labor unions for correctional employees have formed and left national unions in the past decade.
FP:S1638.3: Their belief in the righteousness of their actions and their belief that they are fulfilling God's work by killing mutants is a source of great strength for the group, enabling them to commit acts that would make more moral, reasoned individuals cringe, and enabling them to hold their ground in the face of great odds or past defeats.
FP:S1662.6: In the case of poliovirus, it is known that interactions with receptors in vitro will lead to conformational rearrangements of the virion that result in the release of one of the virion proteins, called VP4.
FP:S1664.2: Since 1987, Mendocino has been the site of the Mendocino Music Festival, a classically-based but musically diverse series of concerts that is held annually in a huge circus type performance tent on the town's Main Street in the Mendocino Headlands State Park.
FP:S1667.5: It was initially used solely by critics, such as Mirabeau and Smith, but was quickly adopted by historians.
FP:S1678.4: His role is Nate's always assigned the most ridiculous tasks, from fluffing Zak's shag rugs to re-recording his outgoing voicemail message.
FP:S1683.4: Grondahl became an integral part of Buckley's live sound, and wrote the song 'Edna Frau' which Jeff would sometimes sing.
FP:S1686.3: On one hand, Qui-Gon Jinn's school would state that the Force is biologically caused by the existence of midichlorians, hence the reliance on Anakin's blood analysis to measure his ability with the Force.
FP:S1687.6: Indeed, it would be only after the events of 'Episode III' that one sees surviving Jedi explaining the Force in mythical terms, although Lucas insists that midi-chlorians were not mentioned in the original trilogy simply because he did not &quot;get around to it&quot; (Episode 1 commentary).
FP:S1694.11: Several studies have shown that men who drink large amount of milk and consume dairy products may increase their risk of developing Parkinson's disease.
FP:S1694.15: A review published by the World Cancer Research Fund and the American Institute for Cancer Research states that at least eleven human population studies have linked excessive dairy product consumption and prostate cancer, however randomized clinical trial data with appropriate controls only exists for calcium, not dairy produce, where there was no correlation.
FP:S1698.4: The response, suggested by Alan Turing's essay &quot;Can Machines Think?&quot;, is that if a program is a convincing imitation of an intelligent being, it is in fact intelligent.
FP:S1700.2: Houston rap artist Z-Ro, a native of Missouri City, sometimes refers to it as &quot;MO City&quot; or &quot;Misery City.&quot;
FP:S1706.11: This makes it harder for the issues to one be found out and two be exposed, because of the complete avoidance and neglect of the problems that are caused by modern day slavery.
FP:S1727.3: He received both primary and secondary education in Port Harcourt and was accepted into law school at the University of Calabar but dropped out after only three years in 1990, citing problems with university authorities as his reason for doing so.
FP:S1727.4: He made other attempts to complete his education but his activism caused him to quit on his degree at Rivers State University of Science and Technology for reasons similar to those at Calabar.
FP:S1749.3: It was formed by water erosion of the weaker sandstone away from the bridge spans, creating an erosion feature as is the case in most natural-bridge formations.
FP:S1761.4: All of these picture add-ons expire within a very short time, so if a user wishes to maintain their picture, they must re-purchase the item in question, for the same amount of money.
FP:S1766.2: The Imperial Japanese Army believed that holding the Solomon Islands would be ultimately unsuccessful and that it would be better to wait for an Allied attack on Bougainville which would be much less costly to supply and reinforce.
FP:S1768.2: While New Orleans has always had to consider the risk of hurricanes, they did not pose the existential risk that they do today due to coastal erosion.
FP:S1768.3: In fact, when the capital of French Louisiana was moved from Mobile, Alabama to New Orleans, the French colonial government cited New Orleans' inland location as one of the reasons for the move as it would be less vulnerable to hurricanes.
FP:S1770.3: Mandić sought to transform the 'Serb List into a more civic-oriented party, in order to boost the party's coalition potential, and even the dropping the 'Serb' prefix from the newly formed party's name was considered.
FP:S1773.2: The Public Enemy song &quot;A Letter to the 'New York Post'&quot; from their album 'Apocalypse '91...The Enemy Strikes Black' is a complaint about what they believed to be negative and inaccurate coverage African-Americans received from the paper.
FP:S1775.3: The idea of a national network of highways did not emerge until the early twentieth century, when a series of pieces of legislation was passed to allow for the designation of main highways (in 1922) and state highways (in 1936).
FP:S1776.4: The police decided not to lay a prosecution, preferring instead to warn Labour that similar future offences would risk prosecution, because it seemed clear that a number of other parties had also used similar tactics and it would have appeared unfair to single Labour out.
FP:S1779.2: The only way in which the media can be expected to be able to set the agenda is if it is in an area in which very few Americans have direct experience of the issues.
FP:S1779.5: The media is also likely to have an interest in reporting issues with major direct effects on American workers, such as major trade agreements with Mexico.
FP:S1783.3: In these works, he argued that the strategic importance of information technology in business has diminished as IT has become more commonplace, standardized and cheaper.
FP:S1786.2: Nina trained many world champions and was renowned for her sophisticated and creative choreography.
FP:S1787.3: Hence, the outermost electrons experience a shielding effect from the inner electrons that makes them more easily ionized, since they are less strongly attracted to the positively-charged nucleus.
FP:S1787.4: This results in an ionization energy low enough to form stable compounds with the most electronegative elements, fluorine and oxygen, and even with less electronegative elements such as nitrogen and carbon under certain circumstances.
FP:S1788.5: To quickly control damage, the free promotional CD Singles of &quot;Nobody Wants to Be Lonely&quot; were sent to stores and ordered to be packaged with rubber bands to the original album to entice people to buy the album (with Sony thinking that people would be more encouraged to buy the album if they could see the free promotional CD Single instead of having to send in proof of purchase to get it).
FP:S1823.2: In Jamaica, slaves from different areas of Africa were brought into contact, creating some conflicts between those who practiced varying African religions.
FP:S1830.2: Triglyceride esters of oleic acid comprise the majority of olive oil, though there may be less than 2.0% as actual free acid in the virgin olive oil, while higher concentrations make the olive oil inedible.
FP:S1835.3: During the festival the area is packed with many bonsai devotees from all over Japan.
FP:S1838.4: It is known in Western society as the 'One-child Policy' due to the required payment of a &quot;social compensation fee&quot; for couples having more than one child in an urban area.
FP:S1838.6: The policy is controversial both within and outside China due to allegations of extreme methods such as forced abortions and other human rights abuses by the local authorities.
FP:S1850.5: Third, in the absence of federal organic standards for meat, poultry, and seafood, USDA's Food Safety and Inspection Service (which is responsible for meat and poultry inspection) and the Food and Drug Administration (which is responsible for seafood inspection) do not permit these products to be labeled as organically produced, thus limiting consumer choice and the industry's market opportunities.
FP:S1853.4: About six months later, giant American computer company Gateway bought the remains of Osborne, and traded as OSBORNE-Gateway (then just &quot;Gateway&quot;) for several years, but were unable to recover Osborne's former dominant position and despite making an honest effort to resolve the outstanding issues left by the Osborne collapse, were unsuccessful in the Australian market.
FP:S1874.3: It refers to a diet that consists in emulating the dietary patterns of the various human species (see 'Homo (genus)') living during the Paleolithic Age (the Old Stone Age), a period of about 2 million years duration, ending about 10,000 years ago, when 'Homo sapiens', invented agriculture.
FP:S1878.3: During his engineer's career in pre-war Egypt, he developed a deep friendship with the Belgian expatriate Vladimir Penjakoff - later to be known as Popsky, creator and leader of a World War II SAS special unit nicknamed Popsky Private Army (PPA) - with whom he toured the Libyan and Egyptian desert: the same desert that would see few years later the two friends facing each others as ennemies when the World War II broke out.
FP:S1880.4: Just before entering the valley it receives Edith Creek, which also has many waterfalls along its course.
FP:S1880.9: A ways past Narada Falls, the river drops over Madcap Falls before it is joined soon after by Tatoosh Creek, which also has more than one major waterfall along its course.
FP:S1891.3: At the outset of the Revolutionary War, Henry led militia against Royal Governor Lord Dunmore in defense of some disputed gunpowder, an event known as the Gunpowder Incident.
FP:S1897.4: This effect is due to the nature of the fluorine atom causing low intramolecular forces between perfluorohexane molecules, which allows &quot;space&quot; for gas molecules to partition into the liquid.
FP:S1897.6: This has led to the experimental use of perfluorohexane in treating burns victims, as their lungs can be filled with either perfluorohexane vapor or in extreme cases liquid perfluorohexane, allowing breathing to continue without the problems normally seen with pulmonary edema that sometimes occur when the inside of the lungs have been burnt e.g. by inhalation of hot smoke.
FP:S1898.2: 'Permeable paving', also called 'pervious paving' or &quot;porous pavement&quot;, is a term used to describe paving methods for roads, parking lots and walkways that allow the movement of water and air through the paving material.
FP:S1898.3: Although some porous paving materials appear nearly indistinguishable from nonporous materials, their environmental effects are qualitatively different.
FP:S1906.4: It is quite possible for a combatant to fall out of a field, such as falling through a destroyed floor or knocked off a ledge; the combatant will reenter battle at there respective spawn point but with a loss of 3 life points.
FP:S1908.8: Though he still had some support within the country, he generally stayed out of politics for the rest of his life.
FP:S1924.2: Much of the plumbing work in populated areas is regulated by government or quasi-government agencies due to the direct impact on the public's health, safety, and welfare.
FP:S1928.4: The I-16 performance was generally equal to that of the Messerschmitt Bf 109 (of the era) at altitudes up to the 3,000 m (9,843 ft), where the I-16 could fight the Messerschmitt Bf 109 '&quot;Emil&quot; on equal terms in turns and had a more durable engine than the liquid-cooled engine of the Bf 109.
FP:S1941.3: For example according to Forbes.com, adult video income was only $1 billion in 2001 calling into question the impact any adult studio, even a major one like Playboy, could have on a videotape or DVD format war.
FP:S1941.5: When one really examines the numbers, the porn industry -- while a subject of fascination -- is every bit as marginal as it seems at first glance.&quot;'
FP:S1946.3: They are often strong in visual organization and perception, including reading and vocabulary, but their spoken language (sometimes affected by hypernasality) is generally poorer than their comprehension.
FP:S1976.5: These works were also outside the particular set of books that Roman Catholics called 'deuterocanonical' and to which Protestants had generally applied the term Apocryphal.
FP:S1996.3: The bark is light gray with many medium-sized dark cracks; from a distance, it can appear almost white.
FP:S1996.5: The blue color can be subtle but becomes much more evident when viewed next to one of the live oaks with whom it shares its range, which tend to have much greener leaves.
FP:S1998.4: Eventually Sprinkle came to believe that he had been abducted by aliens in his youth; he was forced from his job at the University of Wyoming in 1989.
FP:S2000.7: As the name of the former suggests, its primary aim was defence of the UK from attack, with the latter concentrating on supporting ground forces after the eventual invasion of Europe.
FP:S2002.2: Most of the new network would be made up of 28 re-built Chain Home systems, while the rest were taken from the existing selection of Chain Home Low, Chain Home Extra Low and the various GCI radars that had formerly served special purposes.
FP:S2002.3: This was, in part, a stop-gap measure anticipating the availability of the dramatically improved Type 80 &quot;Green Garlic&quot; radar which would replace the various early warning radars with a single system of much greater performance.
FP:S2007.5: Ramanuja Kavirayar's role in the preparation of Winslow's (1862) English-Tamil dictionary is acknowledged in Winslow's preface: &quot;In the preparation of this work, the compiler has been aided at different times by competent natives.
FP:S2031.2: 'Reincarnation research' is a field of inquiry that records and analyzes the discourse of people who claim to have had past lives.
FP:S2035.8: These production cuts have caused drops in the U.S. stock markets, but have sometimes been ameliorated by the United States releasing more of its reserves.
FP:S2035.10: Should, for example, oil production be stopped entirely, or becomes depleted, the U.S. would have only a single year of resources to fall back upon.
FP:S2046.2: He bequeathed his library to his successors as bishop, and it remains at Hartlebury Castle, but its fate remains uncertain, now that the castle has ceased to be used as the bishop's residence.
FP:S2047.3: Although it was Lent, he &quot;'devastated the Viscount's land with fire and sword'&quot;.
FP:S2050.5: Several characteristics were considered from an epidemiological perspective as being correlated with the condition.
FP:S2050.7: The individuals obtained their meals at several different sources, and other individuals who lived elsewhere and purchased their food at these same places had not been affected.
FP:S2050.9: There were dog kennels in the area and some tenants had dogs as pets, but an inspection of the animals found no ticks or other insects.
FP:S2053.3: Thus it showed similarities to types of collars which in former times were used in order to chain animals or prisoners (see the collar in the image at right) and are still common in the BDSM scene today.
FP:S2055.4: Mia and Jimmy's mentor, Joseph Mbele, believes that the Ships have an obligation to assist the colonists by sharing their knowledge, which Daniel Kutsov says is the heritage of all who survived the destruction of Earth.
FP:S2055.5: Both sides of the debate receive a respectful hearing at various places in the novel, and neither is presented as indisputably correct, but by the end of her story Mia has clearly come around to the view that the Ships have an obligation to the colonies.
FP:S2056.4: Most of the $200,000,000 figure cited by Abbott paid for clinical trials-despite NIH offering to pay for them-because Abbott was concerned about &quot;public interest&quot; responses to the high prices they projected Norvir would command..
FP:S2056.7: Consumer group Essential Inventions petitioned the NIH to override the Norvir patent, but the NIH announced on August 4, 2004 that it would not invoke its legal right to allow generic production of Norvir, citing potential adverse effects on the pharmaceutical market.
FP:S2068.7: When Chapman re-issued the, by now best seller 'The Pickwick Papers' in book form, he now included a disclaimer statement from Dickens stating; '&quot;Mr. Seymour never originated or suggested an incident, a phrase, or a word to be found in this book.
FP:S2075.7: These runs came at an average of 31.07, the only time he would reach an average of over 30, and including two centuries, the most of any of his season, and a high score of 131.
FP:S2092.4: This time, convicted for the fourth time (one in Culebra and three additional Civil-Disobedience propelled arrests) by a United States District Court, Berríos was sentenced to four months in prison and set free on August 30, 2001; after the imposed sentence was extinguished in full as the PIP's President and Honorary President of the [Socialist International] (SI) lay behind bars for one-hundred and twenty (120) additional days of prison, apart from the other prison terms that he has served.
FP:S2096.4: The train rises back up to a very short straight track and goes into bunny hops, one of them almost making you believe you'll go into the water.
FP:S2097.2: In Buddhism, 'rupajhanas' (Sanskrit: 'rupadhyana' &quot;meditations of form&quot;, literally &quot;form meditations&quot;) are successive levels of meditation in which the mind is focused on a material or mental object: it is a word frequently used in Pali scriptures and to a lesser extent in the Mahayana scriptures.
FP:S2098.5: He took pole position at Sears Point, but struggled on the ovals and was involved in several crashes.
FP:S2100.4: Prior to 1870, when the first bridge was built, people who wished to cross the river had to tread the waters with their carriages and handcarts with hopes that the unpredictable depths and currents wouldn’t wash them away.
FP:S2111.4: They eat principally Arctic charr, which exist in many deep water locations in the Northern hemisphere.
FP:S2115.3: Former militants Lázaro Kavandame, Uria Simango, Paulo Unhai, Kambeu and Father Mateus Gwengere were arrested, under the pretext that they had allied themselves to elements of the white community during the 7 September 1974 upheaval against the transfer of power to FRELIMO (Mateus Gwengere was kidnapped in Kenya, where he had sought refuge, and brought secretly to Mozambique).
FP:S2115.4: The same wave of arrests caught Joana Simeao, who, in opposition to FRELIMO’s one-party system, had created a political party, GUMO ('Grupo Unido de Moçambique' – United Group for Mozambique), proposing a model based on pluralism and free market (which FRELIMO would ironically adopt years later, when it eventually renounced to marxism).
FP:S2116.5: Other important industrial sectors which have helped fuel the economic engines of the region include meat production (cattle), manufacturing industries like shoe, basket, and ceramics production.
FP:S2116.11: There are also two main local banks that are an important engine of the local economy, Sofitasa bank and Banfoandes.
FP:S2118.2: As well as being used by Milan and Inter, the Italian national side also plays occasional games there and it has also been used for the 2000-01, 1969-70 and 1964-65 Champions League/European Cup finals.
FP:S2121.3: Brightman, now solo, released more disco singles under Whisper Records; these included &quot;Not Having That!&quot; and a cover of the song &quot;My Boyfriend's Back&quot;.
FP:S2132.5: The second part of the work begins with stark contrast: on the one hand, the lively, fresh music of Ariel and the spirits, calling to Faust to savor the beauties of nature; on the other hand, in the scene following, Schumann's intense orchestration and hints of the supernatural in the score bring to the fore Faust's delusions of hearing a new world being created and his rapturous calls to for an everlasting present.
FP:S2134.4: It flooded many people out of their homes.
FP:S2138.3: This important service is provided so that patients who are physically or medically unfit to travel to hospital out-patient appointments by any other means can still make their appointments.
FP:S2148.4: For this reason, the use of SSRIs in pediatric cases of depression is now recognized by the FDA as warranting a cautionary statement to the parents of children who may be prescribed SSRIs by a family doctor.
FP:S2148.5: The FDA's currently required packaging insert for SSRIs includes a warning (known as a &quot;black box warning&quot;) that a pooled analysis of placebo randomized controlled trials of 9 antidepressant drugs (including multiple SSRIs) resulted in a risk of suicidality that was twice that of placebo.
FP:S2158.7: This gives support to the view that 'black' does not refer only to the colour of the handle but implies 'covert' - as in (as stated previously) blackmail or black market.
FP:S2158.9: Accordingly although retaining the dagger; out of courtesy to his host he removed it from its place of concealment and put it somewhere where his host could see it, invariably in his stocking on the side of his hand (right or left handed).
FP:S2160.3: This work generally leaves out the questions that the Sifsei Chachamim raises on Rashi and simply sums up his idea that he culled from the Rashi in about a sentence or two equivalent to the paragraph length entries in the Sifsei Chachamim.
FP:S2166.3: The river is braided and has many islands in the riverbed including Long Island and Rocky Island.
FP:S2188.3: It is eaten by the caterpillars of some Lepidoptera, such as the Small White ('Pieris rapae').
FP:S2195.4: The diagnostic criteria for this fifth category were so vague that it could be applied to virtually any person not suffering from mental function impairment and having interests beyond survival needs.
FP:S2200.4: Nikolai Lossky for example uses the term to explain what motive would be behind people working together for a common, historical or social goal, rather than pursuing the goal individualistically.
FP:S2200.5: Lossky used it almost as a mechanical term to define when the dichotomy or duality of a conflict is transcended or how it is transcended, likening it to the final by product after Plato's Metaxy.
FP:S2201.7: The Sociology of Social Problems By Paul Burleigh Horton, Gerald R. Leslie page 59 (cited as an example of a standard propaganda device: &quot;giving an idea (or person) a bad name, so it will be rejected without examining the evidence.&quot;)
FP:S2207.4: However, these batteries do have certain advantages that outweigh this disadvantage: They are easy to miniaturize (for example, they can be constructed in thin-film form), and there is no problem with electrolyte leakage.
FP:S2210.2: Most of the southern South American colonies of Spain, including Argentina, Chile, and Perú, fought their wars of independence under José de San Martín (also known as &quot;the Liberator&quot;, especially in Argentina), another influential military leader and politician.
FP:S2214.2: For much of the Middle Ages and until late in the 18th century woollen manufacture was Devon's most valuable industry.
FP:S2219.8: With time, its importance was diluted, and, by the middle of the 15th century, it was almost forgotten although still there according to the law.
FP:S2221.5: This is also an advantage for buses, as lower floor vehicles can sometimes ground out on traditional humps.
FP:S2240.4: On several occasions, the director of ACE Jeff Rosenbaum has organized performances of Firesign Theatre radio plays on stage at Starwood, performed by organizers and guest speakers of the event under the name &quot;Firesign Clones&quot;.
FP:S2248.3: It was founded in 1993 as a subsidiary of the Stockholm School of Economics with a mission to provide a state-of-the-art education in business and economics that contributes to the economic and social development of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania.
FP:S2250.3: This event usually takes place late at night and it mostly involves students living in campus dormitories.
FP:S2251.5: Over the past years, various methods (ELISPOT assay, intracellular cytokine staining, secretion assay) have been developed for the indentification of T-cells, but only major histocompatibility complex (MHC) procedures allow identification and purification of antigen-specific T cells independent of their functional status.
FP:S2262.2: She has been singing since 1983 with many music directors.
FP:S2262.5: She also has sung many Hindi songs for A R Rahman including 'Hai Rama' 'Rangeela', 'Latka Dikhadiya' 'Hindustani', 'Sunta Hain' 'Pukar', 'Dola Dola' 'Dil Hi Dil Mein', and Jannat Hai Yeh Zameen 'Rakht' among others.
FP:S2275.2: Tarzan himself, unusually, is recast from his typical role as a noble and high-minded hero into that of a very human being so unhinged by grief as to blame a whole nation for the crimes of a few of its people, and to commit atrocities in consequence.
FP:S2285.3: Following Solomon's reign, his son Rehoboam, due to his arrogance, caused 10 of the tribes of Israel split off to form the Northern Kingdom of Israel, while the tribes of Judah, Benjamin and much of Levi, remained in what was known as the Kingdom of Judah.
FP:S2298.2: The Awaien Show is basically a parody show based on current issues in Pakistan, the show includes fake commercials, spoofs of tv shows, fake interviews of famous politicians, gund of the week, most wanted, and most importantly &quot;Disco To You&quot;.
FP:S2298.4: So far, he has parodied Ataullah Essa Khan Khailvi, Salman Taseer, Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari, Pakistani Ex-President Parvez Musharraf, Pakistani Ministers Rehman Malik, Raja Parvez Ashraf, Pakistani Opposition Leaders Imran Khan, Maulana Fazlul Rahman, Nawaz Sharif, Shehbaz Sharif, TV Persons Talat Hussain, Anwar Maqsood Cricketer Inzimam-Ul-Haq and Naseem Ashraf And Anchors Such As Dr. Shahid Masood, Hamid Mir and Tariq Aziz have been parodied (all by Mir Muhammad Ali), to name just a few.
FP:S2303.8: As well as the Shaman's efforts, Jay's beliefs are challenged by Gozan, who wants the 'treasure behind the door' for himself, but Jay stands firm and makes himself an absolute model of Christianity for Peretti's young readers.
FP:S2305.3: While on an excursion with a friend, Ryan falls from a bridge into water and apparently drowns, waking in a parallel universe called the &quot;Dust Factory&quot;, which houses all humans who are imminent to die but have yet to complete death.
FP:S2305.9: The grandfather, who is apparently learned in the ways of the Dust Factory and appears to be a master of its laws, which differ in some ways from those of the ordinary world, becomes an advisor and storyteller.
FP:S2311.2: 'The Jamestown Foundation' is a Washington-based think tank whose stated mission is to &quot;inform and educate&quot; policy makers about events and trends which it regards as being of current &quot;strategic&quot; importance to the United States.
FP:S2314.3: He tells him that when he read from the Scroll of Life, he accidentally brought to life Kharis, the mummified priest of Karnak and the eternal guardian of Princess Ananka's tomb, who was sentenced to eternal living death as punishment for his forbidden love for the princess.
FP:S2350.5: Years later Boxing Monthly would cite this decision as one of the 10 most controversial in history.
FP:S2360.5: Sweden has the lowest level of tobacco related illness in Europe, is the only country which has reduced its smoking below the WHO's target level, and is the only EU country in which snus (a Swedish smokeless tobacco cured in such a way as to minimize the most important classes of carcinogens) is legal.
FP:S2366.3: Tori came up with the name as a reference to her days back at the Peabody conservatory, where she was able to play songs on her piano simply after hearing them once, but was never able to get the hang of reading and playing from sheet music.
FP:S2372.5: When he was caught, Mr Reid admitted that the money was subject to a constructive trust, but argued that he should only be liable to repay the amount of the bribes, and then any profit attributable to the increase in value of the land in New Zealand was not connected with his wrongdoing.
FP:S2372.6: However, the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council held that the government of Hong Kong's claim to the money could be traced into the land, and thus the claimant was entitled to the full value of the land, as without his wrong, Mr Reid would never have made those profits and it would be grossly inequitable for him to keep them.
FP:S2377.3: Improvements in electronics allowed the GPS system to effectively take several fixes at once, thereby greatly reducing the complexity of deducing a position.
FP:S2377.4: In addition the GPS system uses many more satellites than were used with TRANSIT, allowing the system able to be used continually, whereas TRANSIT provided a fix only every hour or more.
FP:S2381.5: However, these agents should never be used by persons with fever or bloody diarrhea, because they can increase the severity of disease by delaying clearance of causative organisms.
FP:S2387.2: Since he lost the Majority Leader post, Lott has been less visible on the national scene.
FP:S2387.3: However, Lott broke ranks with many conservatives when he said that Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld should resign within a year.
FP:S2388.6: Lott also maintained for many years an affiliation with the Council of Conservative Citizens, which is described as a hate group by the Anti-Defamation League and the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People.
FP:S2389.3: This followed from the work of Willebrord Snell in 1615-17, who showed how a point could be located from the angles subtended from 'three' known points, but measured at the new unknown point rather than the previously fixed points, a problem called resectioning.
FP:S2390.3: Revelation 10:4 And when the seven thunders had uttered their voices, I was about to write: and I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, Seal up those things which the seven thunders uttered, and write them not.
FP:S2399.3: The iconographical program is complicated and contains many details not usual for the medieval Georgian wall painting.
FP:S2415.2: Although type metal alloy are basically conformed by the same three metals, the proportions vary according to the intended final use, be it individual character mechanical casting for hand setting, mechanical line casting or individual character mechanical typesetting and stereo plate casting.
FP:S2426.3: At this late date in the war, targets were few, for 'Charr's sister submarines, as well as air and surface forces, had broken the back of Japan's navy and merchant fleet.
FP:S2439.2: Ulster Irish has the same two initial mutations, lenition and eclipsis, as the other two dialects and the standard language, and mostly uses them the same way.
FP:S2439.3: There is, however, one exception: in Ulster, a dative singular noun after the definite article is lenited (e.g. &quot;on the tree&quot;) (as is the case in Scottish and Manx), whereas in Connacht and Munster, it is eclipsed , except in the case of 'den', 'don' and 'insan', where lenition occurs in literary language.
FP:S2441.2: There is also a division of Ultradispensationalism called “Post-Acts Dispensationalism”, whereby the adherents do not believe that the church began after the Book of Acts chapter 9 nor do they identify the body of Christ as 'the mystery' of Ephesians 3 and Colossians 1.
FP:S2457.3: Designed and constructed in the Italian Renaissance Revival style in 1908-1911 by architect James Knox Taylor, it has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
FP:S2474.3: The children, after having their ears and mouths inspected by the faculty, putting on many layers of clothes as well as ominous gas-masks, exit the school building and emerge to a yard covered in black ash, which falls from the sky like snow.
FP:S2483.2: Barbara tries to make a go of it on her own, even going so far as to buy some television airtime.
FP:S2483.3: When Roy learns that the freeway ramp is going to be announced the next day, he pays off someone at the TV station to doctor the tape, making her stumbled phrase &quot;style of cars&quot; to sound like &quot;mile of cars&quot;, creating a case of false advertising against the lot.
FP:S2488.3: His contentment in life with God was something deeply moving for Robinson, and over their months of friendship, Tuigamala shared his Christian faith, though it wasn't until some time later that Robinson became a Christian.
FP:S2493.3: Moreover, it is not as easily accessed as some nearby towns, as the only road into the village is County Road 291.
FP:S2524.3: His character was murdered in the finale of season 2, but Pastore would make a few more appearances over the next few years in dream and flashback sequences.
FP:S2552.5: However, this possible secondary affiliation did not happen as WSYX, the area's ABC affiliate (and sister station to WTTE), launched a new digital subchannel featuring programming from My Network TV in September of that year.
FP:S2560.2: He composed the musical 'Say Yes!' with book and lyrics by Sherman Yellen, which was produced at the Berkshire Theatre Festival, as well as &quot;Josephine Tonight! with Yellen, which was produced by Theatre Building Chicago in '06, and received praise from The Chicago Sun Times for his fine score.
FP:S2560.3: He also composed the Off-Broadway musical, 'Sensations', and several songs for 'Irene', as well as dance music for the film, 'The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas'.
FP:S2562.4: Their next album 'Torcha!'(1992) and it was with this album that Waltari started blending various musical styles into the sound that would become their own.
FP:S2564.6: During the week between 29 September and 5 October 1944, Reder's soldiers executed more 700 people including many children and women.
FP:S2565.3: In addition, he made many donations to the Ashmolean Museum in Oxford and served as Chairman of the Whitechapel Art Gallery in London in the years preceding his death.
FP:S2594.5: Within several years, however, his sound became more organic, featuring analog effects such as overdrive, wah-wah, and a Moogerfooger ring modulator.
FP:S2599.6: However, the chat system has various safety precautions, with restrictions on who can send messages and what message can be sent, and to be able to chat with friends you must be in the same color zone as them.
FP:S2599.11: But in a recent interview with an inside-source, she stated that, &quot;In a ratio of good advertisements to Ganz-Related advertisements, it would be about 3 over 7.&quot;
FP:S2603.4: This certainly proved a good idea in the UK, as the first episode became the top rated show of that week - a high honour indeed for a Science Fiction series - and something that has never happened before or since.
FP:S2604.4: In order to be able to judge alloys made up of many distinct materials, a measure known as the equivalent carbon content is used to compare the relative weldabilities of different alloys by comparing their properties to a plain carbon steel.
FP:S2604.5: The effect on weldability of elements like chromium and vanadium, while not as great as carbon, is more significant than that of copper and nickel, for example.
FP:S2617.6: They can feed on the leaves of a variety of trees, and the predominant foodplant varies across their range; trees commonly used include cottonwood, willow, quaking aspen and many others.
FP:S2623.2: A 'whistleblower' is an employee, former employee, or member of an organization, especially a business or government agency, who reports misconduct to people or entities that have the power and presumed willingness to take corrective action.
FP:S2629.3: There were some new Balkan influences, while the style of the band was still varied and got even harder.
FP:S2635.3: It also came less than a year after their son, Joachim, had committed suicide, unable to accept his lot after the abdication of his father, the failure of his own marriage to Princess Marie-Auguste of Anhalt, and the severe depression felt after his service in the Great War.
FP:S2636.3: His commitment to the representation of reality as the eye sees it earned him recognition in his lifetime as the preeminent artist of a group known as the 'Leibl-Kreis' (Leibl Circle) that included, among others, Carl Schuch, Wilhelm Trübner, Otto Scholderer, and Hans Thoma.
FP:S2640.2: The northern border of Willenhall has always been adjoining green belt land, although Willenhall has expanded so much in the last 100 years that its northern border has been moved by about two miles.
FP:S2641.3: He was attempting to talk a small boy into taking a dose of castor oil, promising him that the medicine was very sweet, when the boy replied, &quot;Well, then, if it's so good, why don't you take some yourself?&quot;
FP:S2646.4: However, as a wave of dynamite bombings occurred in Great Britain during early 1881, he and Devoy would correspond with each other both condemning Rossa's actions and the idea for a &quot;bloodless revolution&quot; in Ireland.
FP:S2654.3: One of the main efforts he pursued was the repeal of the Jersey Act, a regulation of the British Thoroughbred stud book that prevented most American-bred Thoroughbreds from being registered in the United Kingdom as purebred Thoroughbreds.
FP:S2670.2: Churchill, upon becoming aware of his namesake's books, then much better known than his own, wrote to him suggesting that he would sign his own works &quot;Winston S. Churchill,&quot; using his middle name, &quot;Spencer,&quot; to differentiate them.
FP:S2670.3: This suggestion was accepted with the comment that the American Churchill would have done the same, had he any middle names.
FP:S2673.3: Dressed as a Wizard in a black gown, wizard's hat and staff and wearing a long flowing beard, his topics of oration were, for the most part, deliberately controversial and frequently whimsical.
FP:S2673.4: His maiden speech in Cathedral Square in Christchurch, New Zealand on September 17, 1974 was greeted with derision and eggs, later ones by objections from the City Council, but after many battles with bureaucracy he is now an institution and tourist attraction.
FP:S2675.4: As the Church documents which would have recorded that fact were destroyed in 1794, the exact place of his birth, as well as the time are not certain.
FP:S2688.3: According to its mission statement, the World Jewish Congress' main purpose is to act as &quot;the diplomatic arm of the Jewish people.&quot;
FP:S2688.5: The World Jewish Congress is supported by those communities and individual members who as concerned Jewish citizens want their voices to be heard on matters of concern to the Jewish people.
FP:S2694.2: Among American open wheel series, there have been races for USAC, CART (now Champ Cars) and the Indy Racing League, most held at Phoenix International Raceway.
FP:S2701.3: On October 16, 2007, Yahoo! announced that they will no longer provide support or perform bug fixes on Yahoo!360° as they intend to abandon it in early 2008 in favor of a &quot;universal profile&quot; that will be similar to their Mash experimental system.
FP:S2706.2: Dr. Clayton Trinder Onions, an editor of the Oxford English Dictionary, seems not to have noticed the word before he published the XYZ section of the dictionary in 1921 but the later supplement notes the use of 'yob' as meaning 'boy' in the working-class youth context, from 1859.
FP:S2712.4: As the remaining men ride away, Murphy hurls threats and curses after them, but is stunned when Billy turns back, beyond gunshot range of most normal men.
FP:S2721.2: Although the CH 601 is currently manufactured as a complete aircraft by Aircraft Manufacturing and Development Co., the majority have been built as amateur-built experimental aircraft.
FP:S2724.2: In September 2003, Zicam, a brand of homeopathic zinc cold remedy, faced lawsuits from users who claimed that the product negatively affected their sense of smell, and sometimes taste.
FP:S2724.4: In early 2004, at the height of the controversy, Matrixx Initiatives, Inc., the maker of Zicam, claimed that only a small number of people had experienced problems and that anosmia (loss of smell) can, amongst others, also be caused by the common cold itself.
FP:S2724.5: Matrixx also claimed that zinc gluconate dissolves into zinc ions and gluconate, and that both are naturally occurring compounds which are found in all human tissues.
FP:S2725.3: As of August 20, 2008, the review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported that 41% of critics gave the film positive reviews, based on 51 reviews.
FP:S2736.3: He had a self-important attitude towards French involvement in the Vietnam War in that he believed France had an instrumental role to play, not just as a neutral observer or puppet for the Americans.
FP:S2736.5: Manac'h believed the South Vietnamese government was only held up by American involvement, and eventually it would collapse and the National Liberation Front would fill the power vacuum.
FP:S2737.2: Jack Vance utilises the term in his Demon Princes series, and especially in 'The Book of Dreams', to refer to an amoral subset of humanity, to whom the rest are lower beings to be used in the furtherance of their aims.
Size of evaluation set: 9634
PRINTING RESULT
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total examples: 9634
Positive examples: 2234
Negative examples: 7400
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
   True positives: 940
  False positives: 428
   True negatives: 6972
  False negatives: 1294
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Measures
        Precision: 0.687134502924
           Recall: 0.420769919427
        F-Measure: 0.521932259856
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Bye!
